Dunnit is a KISS process for recording your daily goals and activity
and making that easy to find and use for weekly, monthly, and any sort
of reporting — think resumes, daily standups, quarterly reports,
annual reviews, etc. It’s dumbly simple: you just answer the popup
every hour with a short one-line response. It is not a TODO app,
because TODOs are aspirational; Dunnits are factual and enable you to
capture impact.

Dunnit is set to pop up a notification prompt every hour to ask you
what you worked on. The update you record in the popup is saved to a
daily log (the ledger). At the end of the day, you’ll end up with a
timestamped list of things you worked on. At that point, Dunnit helps
you convert that into an “impact report”.

Analysis is CLI-driven for now. You can roll up your Dunnits at the
end of a week or a month. Generate status reports and aggregate by tag
categories.

## Usage

Dunnit prompts you every hour and at roughly the end of the day for
some short input. You can also invoke these prompts and much more
through the Dunnit menu in you menubar.

### Start the Day

Start each work day with some daily goals. Click _GM, Sunshine!_ and
enter three or so.

### Hourly Entry

Answer the popup prompt every hour (or ignore it; you have a few minutes
till it disappears). Use #hashtags to categorize your entries; that
helps with later grouping and reporting. You can also record a Dunnit
at any time with the _New Dunnit_ button.

If you didn’t accomplish anything noteworthy, just click **Nothing**
(or **Close**), and no entry will be recorded for the hour.

You can _snooze_ by clicking **Reply** and then **Send** with an empty
message, or typing ‘zzz‘ or ‘snooze’.

### Planning (TODOs)

Although TODOs aren’t the heart of Dunnit, capturing what you wanna
work on next is a great idea. Just enter a _New Todo_ from the menu,
and it’ll get marked with a letter (eg, A). After you’ve done that
Todo, just type the letter (eg, A) in the Dunnit hourly prompt, and
it’ll get recorded automatically.

### Finishing the Day

At the end of the day, _Finalize_ the day when prompted, and you’ll be
presented with a text editor to encourage you to clean up the report a
bit. This is where you should add a bit of text to explain the impact
each of your sections had.

### Summarizing Weeks and Months

At the end of the week (or day), look over what you did in the
`$DUNNIT_DIR` log. There is a convenience shortcut to show you any
day’s status: <kbd>Ctrl-t</kbd>

```sh
% source setup.zsh
% «Ctrl-t»
```
